A signature can wait, I can't resist you.
So if you keep this up, I'll leave the sue you awkward.
Well, everything was fine this morning.
This morning was a mistake.
I've realized we're not compatible.
I stopped teasing me, Frank.
You're my boss.
I'm your assistant.
Let's keep it strictly professional.
Wait, wait.
It's my birthday next week.
And as my assistant, I expect you to attend the party.
Don't worry.
I will.
Maybe this is what love is.
I've heard it makes people erratic.
Frank, Clark?
Someone wants to see you.
You must come to us.
What?
What's wrong with you?
Crazy.
So, what do you think of my son Andrew?
Do you like him?
These men dragged me here, just so you could ask me that.
Because if you do like him, I can make sure he marries you.